readme.md, before:

# Travel App

## Description

The Travel App is a web application designed to provide users with travel information including weather updates, location-based images, and geographical data from multiple sources such as Geonames, Weatherbit, and Pixabay. It's built using modern JavaScript practices and connects to external APIs to fetch relevant data.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```git clone https://your-repository-url.com ```

2. Install dependencies:
    ```npm install ```

3. Start the server:
    ```npm start```


## Usage

After installation, the app can be accessed at `http://localhost:3000`. Use the search functionality on the homepage to find travel information about various locations.

## APIs Used

- **Geonames**: Used for fetching geographical data.
- **Weatherbit**: Provides weather forecasts.
- **Pixabay**: Sources location-based images.

## Dependencies

- `express` - for setting up the server.
- `dotenv` - to manage environment variables.
- `node-fetch` - to make HTTP requests to external APIs.
- `webpack` - for bundling client-side scripts.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Node.js version to package.json and updated README

readme.md, after:

# Travel App

## Description

The Travel App is a web application designed to provide users with travel information including weather updates, location-based images, and geographical data from multiple sources such as Geonames, Weatherbit, and Pixabay. It's built using modern JavaScript practices and connects to external APIs to fetch relevant data.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```git clone https://your-repository-url.com ```

2. Install dependencies:
    ```npm install ```

3. Start the server:
    ```npm start```


## Usage

After installation, the app can be accessed at `http://localhost:3000`. Use the search functionality on the homepage to find travel information about various locations.

## Node.js Version
This project requires Node.js version 18.x or higher. Please make sure you have the correct version installed before running the project.

## APIs Used

- **Geonames**: Used for fetching geographical data.
- **Weatherbit**: Provides weather forecasts.
- **Pixabay**: Sources location-based images.

## Dependencies

- `express` - for setting up the server.
- `dotenv` - to manage environment variables.
- `node-fetch` - to make HTTP requests to external APIs.
- `webpack` - for bundling client-side scripts.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details.
